including comments from #793 (#815)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: docs/guide/setup/creating_ligand_networks.rst

   # Now let's plan the Network
   ligand_network = network_planner(ligands=mols, mappers=[mapper], scorer=scorer)

> Practical information on generating ligand networks can be found in our :ref:`cookbook for ligand network generation <cookbook_planning_ligandnetwork>` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Practical information on generating ligand networks can be found in our :ref:`cookbook for ligand network generation <cookbook/generate_ligand_network.nblink>` .
```

   # Now let's plan the Network
   ligand_network = network_planner(ligands=mols, mappers=[mapper], scorer=scorer)

> More on generating ligand networks you can find in our generate_ligand_network_cookbook_ .
> .. _generate_ligand_network_cookbook: cookbook/generate_ligand_network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Practical information on generating ligand networks can be found in our :ref:`cookbook for ligand network generation <cookbook_planning_ligandnetwork>` .
```
Slight text rewording - if we can merge https://github.com/OpenFreeEnergy/ExampleNotebooks/pull/124 first then we should be able to use this reference.
